Adversity

Myntra is a care-free school going teen, favorite child to her parents and mom to her Brudo, the Labrador. 
She’s self-contented person, finding happiness with chirping birds. She lets her soft black hair to grace her shoulders. 
She has gloomy grey eyes with strong eyelids attracting the opposites intensely.

Sameer is an intelligent goose and a wild football player. He has jet black color hair and intense dark grey eyes. 
People can differentiate black with his eyes color only with a closer look. He is calculative minded when it’s needed. 
He usually maintains his calm, however the environment may be. Sameer and Myntra practically grew up together, and are 
more like brothers and sisters. They had common interests for Dominos, Cornetto, and why not Physiology and Economics.

Myntra faces odd times when she meets Adithya through Sameer. She gets to know a tragic web built around her along with 
Sameer and Adithya. How will she break the knot of the web?

To read more…
https://rollercoasterstories750843247.wordpress.com/an-adversity/


It was a busy Monday morning. I had to wash off the Sunday laziness and get ready for school today. 
I found Suzy, our home-maid helping my mom to pack my lunch. She is a sweet person, taking care of me from the day 
I was born, as her own grandchild.  Also, my mom and dad were glad about that.

I let my hair tangle with the wind, embracing the chastity of nature in my way to school. I met Sameer in the parking lot. 
He was beaming. His smile reached his eyes. I’m happy for that smile. But I couldn’t return him that. Instead, I gave him 
an awkward smile. I quickly got off that place and got seated in my spot under the banyan tree. I was secretly attached to this place. 
This place holds my memories as if a diary. I have an hour to myself as per the day’s schedule. My heart raced like a horse, letting 
things to the surface, leaving me longing for air just like a fish brought out of its home.

Sameer is my secret love. I couldn’t let it out since we were acquaintances from the very first day we were born and later
inseparable friends. Everyone saw us more like a brother and sister. I didn’t want to reveal my thoughts and ruin our friendship. 
I admire him secretly. I cherish him secretly. I wish for him secretly. I pray for him secretly. I like him secretly. I love him 
secretly. I was elated in cloud-nine about my secret love.

On an evening he introduced me to one of his seniors, Adithya.

Adithya was a complete opposite of Sameer. He is a strong-built big beefy man with black hair gracing his shoulders and matching eyes. 
We got closer and had conversations over calls and chats. We had arguments over every silly thing possible like pizzas vs burgers, 
Dhoni vs Sachin, chicken vs fish, chocolate vs ice cream, and there goes a never-ending list. I was allured to him. I found him a 
definition of hot. I dream of him and wish for it to never end. Reality hit me when I came across Sameer and remembered my secret love 
for him.

I was completely perplexed. I was bombarded by questions from my brain.

How can a girl have interests in multiple guys at a time? 
She’s not called a girl then!

What if someone reads my mind?
Thank god! Magic wands no longer exist.

What would people think of my current state of being?
Absolutely a bitch!

I have no idea how someone could end up like a monkey jumping from one tree to another. I’m ashamed of my own thoughts. 
This is not how I want myself to be. I feel the entire thing absurd. I can’t measure people on a generic scale. I wronged Sameer.

Chastity isn’t just a physical thing. Right?

How can I suddenly have interest in Adithya when I’m with Sameer? I know it’s bad, but I can’t resist.

Or have I assumed things with Sameer? I’m just pulled to Adithya, stronger than Sameer. Like, I want to comfort Sameer during 
his bad timings. But I want to take the pain away from Adithya and make them mine. I know it’s insane. I’m mad. But I don’t know 
how to stop this.

Okay… I’m going accept myself just like this so that I can build myself stronger. I once distanced my heart and brain and am having 
punishment. I’m going to let time heal this.

