ares and adithi

Ares Welson, king of the underground dark world by heritage and a mother-less teenager sucks at interpreting the ups and downs of life.
How would he feel the essence of life when given a chance?

His chance comes in the form of Adithi, a young girl savoring the different flavors of life…

To read more…
https://rollercoasterstories750843247.wordpress.com/ares-pov/


Adithi was just another playboy-ish bet for me. Things went according to plan till fake-dashing her in the university library. 
The silence was occupied with her acerbic squeal. She was asking sorry-es as if she dashed me. Her mesmerizing eyes consumed me. 
They spoke the words for her. She was oblivious to the underground dark world, and me being the King lost myself in her innocence.

She shows different colors every time I see her – Sometimes she is a freaky immature girl; Sometimes she is a chirping bird; 
Sometimes she is a willowy lady. She loves herself and lives her life like there is no tomorrow, while me being raw and passing 
time as if it is trivial. 

It’s strange that I spend my time with her.

It’s strange that I, THE ARES like to spend some time with a chick.

It’s strange that she ended up being my friend, in a sense ‘A Genuine Friend’.

Things are becoming strange these days. She is stirring up my insides and turning me upside down. I’m becoming my old-self because of her. I hate this effect she has on me. She is making me feel ‘ What is happiness? ’. But she doesn’t know the heart feeling happiness, feels pain too. I don’t want this pain. I don’t want things to repeat. This is the only reason I masked myself with a bland and raw face. I defined a new self and stances with a pure determination that this world won’t see such a disgusting Ares. But now I’m unbecoming. This is insane. I abhor this change. 

I’m leaving my mask behind when I’m with her. Why can’t she be another spoilt bitch or any other of my trivial relationships? Why is she not a bad egg? If that’s the case things would have been easier, at least for me. I definitely can’t lose my mask just because of a girl. Will I?
