Evening walk

INTRO : Grace, the very name screamed charming beauty of the college, always walks hand in hand with her soulmate Dia, the topper of the year. Grace always has a smile sticking to her lips, and is usually the hot-topic of gossips around, whereas Dia,the nerd is the goody-goody figure, teachers right-hand, and unknown to the world of gossips.

Jumping into the roller-coaster……

Grace’s Pov(Point of View):

Finally, I got the window seat in this week. I strangely have a craze for this seat. I enjoyed the breeze waving along my hair, having a serene sight of trees passing me rather than plugging my earphones or sleeping during the half hour distance from college to home.

I found a part of me in Dia, since we share the mutual goal of “being single”, to avoid the pain in the ass because of these cliche lovely-dovely stories. Nonetheless I had many boyfriends, crushes, fan-followers, but i had concentric circles drew around me for every one I acknowledge and I am not an adolescent girl to fall for different shades that my eyes perceive.I have my own rules for my territory(body and mind), even though my parents have the damn stamp paper for that property, with the damn strange rules they created. I am not interested in disturbing their rules, unless I am being disturbed. Ohh yeah… my stop…

At my stop, I caught hold Sam, once best… now worst thing in my life. I didn’t lift my head in his direction, even though i could get glimpses of his stares aimed at me. I still have a 20 minute walk to once my home…. now my dad’s house. I felt the dense dark air encircling, haunting my agony and turmoil.

I still remember…. how we both walked in the same road…. how he would keep his ears always open to all my stories, giggles, sobbing… how we both enjoyed the hot chocolate….. how we ran after his dog….. how we ended up in dead end streets and gave others silly glances…. those would just be my memories and won’t be happening in the future, never ever again. One part of me still misses him, as a best friend, while the other hates him for corrupting my pure friendship with the damn – love.

I was caught for betrayal of those disciplinary rules by Sam’s mother, the only devil and hell I’ve seen and my dad, instead of that moron. My act of denial only added diesel to the fuming fire, as a cute act of stubbornness. Yeah for the sake of heavens I AM stubborn by nature, when it’s meant for saving my dignity. I’m pure…. I’m chaste…. I know but the miserable thing is that my family didn’t believe me and they see duplicity in me and I’m like a symbol of betrayal to them. They found my treachery to their norms is punishable, and now I’m left with a room in their house, with so called 3-times food and educational facilities, thus abandoned. Here, I enter into my new one-room apartment with no lees and no pay bills, and I’m going to start this evening with enough positivity, as per Dia, my therapist.

You know what…. I learned a great lesson within this past 3 months. My soreness is an evidence that I am alive and a growing independent women. I rule MY territory and no-one can ever touch my frontiers burning with fumes and fires. I don’t give a shit about the comments and judgments thrown at me, because they were burnt just at my borders and I like this new me.
